meta(changelog): Update Changelog for 7.57.0 (#8417)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 7.57.0

### Important Changes

- **build: Update typescript from 3.8.3 to 4.9.5 (#8255)**

This release version [bumps the internally used typescript version from 3.8.x to 4.9.x](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/pull/8255).
We use ds-downlevel to generate two versions of our types, one for >=3.8, one for >=4.9.
This means that this change should be fully backwards compatible and not have any noticable user impact,

> but it opens the door to us using newer TypeScript features in the codebase going forward.

Author: updated it!

- **feat(types): Add tracePropagationTargets to top level options (#8395)**

Instead of passing `tracePropagationTargets` to the `BrowserTracing` integration, you can now define them on the top level:

```js
Sentry.init({
  tracePropagationTargets: ['api.site.com'],
});
```

- **fix(angular): Filter out `TryCatch` integration by default (#8367)**

> The Angular SDK will not install the TryCatch integration anymore by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Angular and Angular-ivy SDKs will not install the TryCatch integration anymore by default.
```

This integration conflicted with the `SentryErrorHander`, sometimes leading to duplicated errors and/or missing data on events.

- **feat(browser): Better event name handling for non-Error objects (#8374)**

When capturing non-errors via `Sentry.captureException()`, e.g. `Sentry.captureException({ prop: "custom object" })`,
we now generate a more helpful value for the synthetic exception. Instead of e.g. `Non-Error exception captured with keys: currentTarget, isTrusted, target, type`, you'll now get messages like:

```
Object captured as exception with keys: prop1, prop2
Event `MouseEvent` (type=click) captured as exception
Event `ErrorEvent` captured as exception with message `Script error.`
```

### Other Changes

> - feat(browser): send profiles in same envelope as transactions (#8375)
> - feat(profiling): collect timings on profiler stop calls (#8409)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat(browser): Send profiles in same envelope as transactions (#8375)
- feat(profiling): Collect timings on profiler stop calls (#8409)
```
